 right to recover the Card from the customer or stop it at any time. Also, the Bank has the right to amend its
conditions of use and the amendment will be affected when only approved by the Shari’a Board of the Bank; and the
customer will be notified accordingly.
v The customer undertakes to return the Card to the Bank for cancellation if he no longer wishes to use it, in case of closing
the account or if the Bank decides to stop its usage for any reason.
v The Card cannot be transferred or used by any person other than the customer. The customer must not reveal his PIN to any
person for any reasons whatsoever.
v The Cardholder shall immediately advise the Bank of the loss of the Card. The Cardholder shall remain responsible for any
transactions performed with his/her lost Card unless the Bank has received a notification of that lost Card before performing
such transactions.
v The Bank will deduct the customer’s account for all withdrawals or transfers completed through the Card and the customer
is responsible at all times for all liabilities related to the Card including any taxes applied by virtue of law.
v With no contradiction to clause (5) above, the customer authorizes the Bank without obtaining his prior consent to ATM
and deduct all charges commissions and /or transfer expenses paid by the Bank to international companies who own the
automates teller network, and/or electronic sale / POS machines ; and according to SPAN reconciliation reports issued by
SAMA in addition to any other additional or subsequent expenses that may be decided later by these companies and
approved by the Shari’a Board of the Bank.
v The customer must adhere to the daily withdrawal limits authorized by the Bank and approved by authorities of the country
in which the customer might be located at the time of transaction.
v The customer must use the Card for ATMs and POS machines, or via internet only and he is not permitted to use the Card
for cash withdrawals others than ATMs. The Bank has the right to take the necessary action to withdraw the Card or stop its
usage at any time whenever is evident that customer violates any of the aforesaid conditions.
v The customer will be responsible for all usages of his card on any ATMs, point of sale machine outside the kingdom, or via
internet regardless if these transactions required pin number or not.
