, or via internet only and he is not permitted to use the Card
for cash withdrawals others than ATMs. The Bank has the right to take the necessary action to withdraw the Card or stop its
usage at any time whenever is evident that customer violates any of the aforesaid conditions.
v The customer will be responsible for all usages of his card on any ATMs, point of sale machine outside the kingdom, or via
internet regardless if these transactions required pin number or not.
v The customer shall not use the Card to buy illegal goods or services, and the Bank shall have the right to cancel the Card if
it proven that it is used for illegal purposes. It is known that the Card is allowed to be used for buying currencies, gold, silver,
and travelers checks.
v In case of a discrepancy between the amount withdrawn according to customer’s acknowledgment and the Bank records,
the Bank records are considered correct and binding to the customer.
v The customer must contact the Bank immediately in any of the following cases: - Card retention by ATM machine.- Non-
receipt of amount encases by machine.- Error in amount encases by machine..
v The customer must notify the Bank in writhing of any changes in address and the notice must be directed to the branch
where his account is maintained or through Albilad net.
v For joint accounts, the Bank may issue a separate Card for each partner based on (joint) written request by all partners who
will be considered jointly and severally responsible towards the Bank for all the financial obligations resulting from the use
of any of these cards.W
ith VAT registration No. 300000712300003
1-1-B015 
Issuing ATM card request form
4 / 3 Bank Albilad is a Saudi Joint Stock Company, with National Unified No.7001473102, Head Office: Al Mutamarat 8229, Building No 2 ,RIYADH 3952 - 12711 ,KSA. Under monitoring and supervision of Saudi
Central Bank authority and licensed by Royal decree 48/M on 21/9/1425H (4/11/2004 G), 
v The customer must pay the cost of the charges of cash withdrawals from ATMs outside the kingdom as approved by the
Shari’a Board of the Bank.
