Solution Architecture & Governance
1. Overview
1.1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions and any other documents
referred to on it) describes how Enjaz Payment Services Company, a Saudi Closed Joint Stock
Company (hereinafter referred to as “Organization,” "we," "us," or "our") the operator of
this website or mobile app or service collects, uses, discloses, and protects your Personal
Data and respects the privacy of Enjaz channel users (herein referred to as “you” and
“your”). We are committed to ensuring the privacy and security of your Personal Data and
comply with the applicable data protection laws in Saudi Arabia, including but not limited to
the Saudi Arabia Personal Data Protection Law (KSA PDPL), the Data Management &
Personal Data Protection Standards of the National Data Management Office (NDMO), and
the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority (Saudi Central Bank or SAMA) regulations.
1.2. Purpose
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform Data Subjects about the types of Personal Data
we collect, how we use and protect that data, and their rights regarding their Personal Data.
We aim to provide transparency about our data handling practices and ensure Data Subjects
are fully informed about how their Personal Data is processed when they interact with us
through our various channels and customer touch points.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
We process your data in an appropriate and lawful manner, in accordance with the applicable
laws and regulations to which Enjaz is subject, including the Saudi Personal Data Protection
Law, Royal Decree No. M/148 dated 5/9/1444H, herein referred to as “PDPL”.
1.3. Objective
The objective of this Privacy Policy is to clearly outline how Enjaz handles Personal Data to
ensure it is processed in a lawful, fair, and transparent manner. We aim to provide clear and
concise information about our data processing practices, ensuring Data Subjects understand
how their Personal Data is collected, used, and protected. This policy is designed to foster trust
and confidence by demonstrating our commitment to privacy and compliance with relevant
data protection regulations. It also aims to inform Data Subjects of their rights concerning your
Personal Data and how you can exercise these rights.
1.4. Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Data collected and processed by Enjaz through our
websites, mobile applications, branches, customer service centers, and any other channels or
touch points where we collect your Personal Data. It covers the processing activities related to
the collection, storage, use, disclosure, and protection of Personal Data, ensuring compliance
with the KSA PDPL, NDMO standards and SAMA regulations. This policy applies to all
customers, visitors, and users of our services, as well as any third parties who interact with us
in connection with the processing of Personal Data.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
1.5. Acronyms, and Abbreviations
Term Definition
The support, assistance, and advice provided by a
Customer Care company to its customers both before and after they buy
or use its products or services
Any of the services provided by Enjaz in connection with
Electronic Services
all Enjaz websites and mobile app.
Any data, regardless of its source or form, that may lead
to identifying an individual specifically, or that may
directly or indirectly make it possible to identify an
individual, including name, personal identification
Personal Data
number, addresses, contact numbers, license numbers,
records, personal assets, bank / payment service providers
and credit card numbers, photos and videos of an
individual, and any other data of personal nature
Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, or
religious, intellectual or political belief, data relating to
security criminal convictions and offenses, biometric or
Sensitive Personal Data
Genetic Data for the purpose of identifying the person,
Health Data, and data that indicates that one or both of
the individual’s parents are unknown
Refers to the principle of limiting data collection and
Data Minimization retention to the bare minimum necessary to accomplish a
given purpose.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
A breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful
destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of,
Data Breach
or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or
otherwise processed.
Any incident that leads to the Disclosure, Destruction, or
unauthorized access to Personal Data, whether
Personal Data Breach
intentional or accidental, and by any means, whether
automated or manual.
Dat subject refers to the individual the personal data
Data Subject
relates to.
Any operation carried out on Personal Data by any
means, whether manual or automated, including
collecting, recording, saving, indexing, organizing,
Personal Data Processing
formatting, storing, modifying, updating, consolidating,
retrieving, using, disclosing, transmitting, publishing,
sharing, linking, blocking, erasing and destroying data.
Consent of the data subject refers to any freely given,
specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the
Data Subject Consent data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement
or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the
processing of their personal data.
Information that is used to determine a customer’s
Credit Data creditworthiness, such as payment history and credit
utilization.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
A DPO is an appointed expert on data protection that
informs and advises on applicable data protection laws
Data Protection Officer,
and regulations, monitors compliance with applicable
“DPO”
laws and regulations, and acts as a point of contact with
relevant regulatory authorities
A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any
other body which alone or jointly with others determines
the purposes and means of the processing of personal
Data Controller data. Where the purposes and means of such processing
are determined by EU or member state law, the controller
or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided
for by EU or member state law.
Standards designed to protect financial institutions
Know Your Customer, “KYC” against fraud, corruption, money laundering and terrorist
financing.
Refers to an exchange or transfer of goods, services, or
Transactions
funds.
The support, assistance, and advice provided by a
Customer Care company to its customers both before and after they buy
or use its products or services.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2. Policy Statement
2.1. Collection of Your Personal Data
Personal Data means any and all information which an individual can be identified with and does
not include any data where identity has been removed (namely, anonymous data). Upon
registration with us, it is necessary that we collect your Personal Data in order to comply with legal
obligations such as KYC and other regulatory requirements. By understanding your background
and needs, we can treat you fairly, provide you with the services that best match your
requirements, offer you appropriate and relevant information and process your requests in a fair
and efficient manner. We will collect, use, store and transfer different elements of Personal Data
about you through various channels, including when:
• You apply for our products or services, visit our website, use our mobile application, and
communicate, make a request or provide feedback with us electronically or in person, or
through third-party sources as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
• You open an account or r perform transactions and/or services provided by Enjaz, including
but not limited to international transfers, local transfers (between accounts and to local
bank accounts/ payment service providers), bill payments, adding beneficiaries and editing
beneficiary details, and any other stipulated in the terms and conditions.
• You seek information from our Customer Care concerning inquiries, complaints, and
disputes.
• You provide account information such as your personal details or information concerning
your identity.
• You use your login credentials to access your account through Enjaz website or mobile
application.
.
• We conduct necessary investigations i.e., due diligence checks, and Anti-money Laundering
and Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CTF) checks, and obtain information that we need
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
to support our regulatory obligations, e.g., information about transaction details, and
detection of any suspicious and unusual activities.
• Subscribe to our service or publications.
• Enter a competition, promotion or survey;
The types of Personal Data we may collect include:
• Full Name, gender, date, and place of birth, country of residence, contact details such as
home, work or delivery address, proof of address, email address, telephone numbers,
identification information such as photo ID, passport information, National ID/ Iqama
card, and nationality.
• Financial and banking information.
• Employment and income details such as annual income, net worth, source of funds,
anticipated account, turnover, bank account, bank statements, payment card details
• Transaction history and account activity such as details about payments to and from you,
information on products and services you have purchased from us, deposit methods,
purpose of transactions with us.
• Records of communications to or from us.
• Information obtained from credit reporting agencies and other financial institutions.
• Technical information includes your internet protocol (IP) address, login data to our
website/ application, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating
system, platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. We
use this information for system administration or our commercial purposes.
• Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your
interests, preferences, feedback, survey responses.
• Usage information includes information about how you use our website, application, and
assorted services.
• Marketing and communications information includes your preferences in receiving
marketing from us and any third-party companies on our behalf and your communication
preferences.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive Personal Data about you from various
third parties and public sources as set out below:
• Technical data from analytics providers such as Google;
• Contact, financial and transaction data from payment services providers;
Identity and contact data for KYC purposes from individual and publicly availably
sources, for any consumer-reporting agencies etc.
Sometimes, we may collect and use your information even if you are not our customer:
For any information in this category, we will adhere to the principles outlined in this Policy. This
may occur, for example, if you are a customer, beneficiary, cardholder, or representative of one
of our customers, or if you are in the process of applying for a product or service with us.
Additionally, your personal circumstances might significantly impact our customer's ability to fulfil
their obligations to us, necessitating our consideration of your information.
We may also collect your information if a customer makes a payment to you or engages in a
transaction with you, requiring us to process the payment or transaction. Furthermore, if we
acquire a new business or the assets of another business, we might obtain some of your
information, as detailed below.
2.2. Use of Your Personal Data
• We will only use your Personal Data when you have provided your consent or when Enjaz
has a lawful basis or is required by the applicable laws to do so.
• We use the Personal Data we collect to provide our customers with products and services
(i.e., international transfers, transfers between accounts, transfers to local bank accounts /
payment service providers , bill payments, etc.), to manage our business and customer
relationships, as stipulated in our Terms and Conditions, and to offer an enriched and
enhanced customer experience.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
• We make appropriate use of your Personal Data to manage your transactions and
respond to your requests.
• We use your Personal Data to deliver more relevant products and services, conduct your
instructions, and provide online product and services of Enjaz
• We will use your Personal Data to meet our compliance obligations, comply with laws,
regulations, and regulatory requirements, and share with regulators when necessary.
• We use Personal Data to protect public interest, detect and prevent financial crimes
including fraud, financing for terrorism, and money laundering or other illegal activities.
• Where we have your consent, we may use your Personal Data such as your email address,
mobile number, and email address to deliver directly to you marketing and promotional
advertisements and we will provide updates on exclusive deals and offers that might
interest you on our website.
• Information about criminal convictions and offences.
• We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data.
Non-Personal Data may be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal
Data for the purposes of law as such does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity in
any way whatsoever. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the
percentage of users accessing a specific website and the Electronic Services feature.
However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your Personal Data in a way
that, either directly or indirectly, identify you we treat the combined data as Personal Data
which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.3. Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Data to third parties under the following circumstances:
• We may disclose your Personal Data within Enjaz on a confidential basis as allowed by
applicable law or where required for the purpose of providing products or services and for
administrative, billing and other business or ancillary purposes.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
• We may instruct service providers in or outside Enjaz, domestically or abroad, to process
Personal Data for the permitted purposes on our behalf and in accordance with our
instructions. Enjaz requires these service providers to enter into relevant agreements with
us as such may be required by applicable laws that govern the use of any information that
they receive from us. These agreements prohibit the service provider from using information
of ours other than for the purposes for which such was provided or disclosed. In accordance
with applicable legislation, Enjaz will retain control over, remain responsible for your
Personal Data and use appropriate safeguards to ensure integrity and security of your
Personal Data when engaging service providers.
• We may share your Personal Data with companies providing services in the areas of fraud
and crime prevention and with companies providing similar services, including financial
institutions such as credit reference agencies and regulatory bodies.
• We may share your Personal Data with companies providing services in the areas of IT,
platforms administration, translation of documents, support of clients, marketing,
promoting our services and products, external and internal audit, storage, payment services
and other relevant entities required to complete transactions. .
• We may share your Personal Data with third parties to whom we may choose to transfer,
or merge parts of our business or our assets or of Enjaz; additionally, we may seek to acquire
other businesses or merge with them.
• We may disclose information about you to any depository, stock exchange, clearing or
settlement system, account controller or other participant in the relevant system, to
counterparties, dealers, custodians, intermediaries and others where disclosure is
reasonably intended for the purpose of effecting, managing or reporting transactions in
connection with the provision of our services or establishing a relationship with a view to
such transactions.
• Consistent with applicable law, we may share your Personal Data with courts, law
enforcement authorities, regulators or attorneys or other parties for the establishment,
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
exercise or defense of a legal or equitable claim or for the purposes of an alternative dispute
resolution process.
• Following your consent obtainment.
• To our subsidiaries, service providers, and agents who assist us in delivering our services.
• In connection with mergers, acquisitions, or other corporate transactions.
• To companies who may be acting as controllers or processors that provide system
administration services and internal reporting activities to Enjaz.
• To companies who may be acting as data processors, joint-controllers, or independent
controllers to Enjaz such as Service Providers, Payment Processors (i.e., Western Union,
TransFast, and transfer tracking third parties, etc.), Credit Bureaus, Financial Institutions,
Banks, and other relevant institutions operating in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and
Regulatory bodies (i.e., SAMA, etc.).
Generally, we will only disclose your Personal Data when you direct us or authorize us to do so,
when we are allowed or required by applicable law or judicial or official request to do so, or as
required to investigate actual or suspected fraudulent or criminal activities. We ensure that any
third parties with whom we share your Personal Data comply with appropriate data protection and
confidentiality measures set out by the applicable laws and regulations.
2.4. Lawful Basis for Processing
We may use your Personal Data for the following purposes, based on the following lawful basis:
2.4.1 To Enter into or Perform Our Agreement:
• To provide services to you in accordance with the agreement(s) you or your organization
may have with us, for record-keeping and compliance procedures.
• To provide you or your organization with financial products and other services available via
Enjaz and/or to deal with any requests or inquiries you may have.
• To respond to requests for information from you and to follow up afterwards to see if any
further assistance is required.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2.4.2 To Comply with Our Legal Obligations:
• To comply with any applicable laws in any country we operate in or provide a service.
• For the purposes of preventing and detecting money-laundering, terrorism, fraud or other
crimes and/or abuses of our services.
• To comply with any legal, regulatory or good practice requirement and to fulfil our
obligations under any reporting agreement entered with any tax authority or revenue
services from time to time.
2.4.3 To Pursue Our Legitimate Interests:
• For our own administrative and operational procedures.
• For statistical purposes and for market research and product analysis and to develop and
improve our products and services.
• To carry out, monitor and analyze our business or operations including the activities set out
in this Policy.
• To enforce or apply any agreement and/or to protect our (or others’) property or rights and
to defend any potential claim.
2.4.4 For Marketing Purposes with Your Consent:
We may also process your Personal Data for the following purposes (after obtaining your explicit
consent where such is legally required) in accordance with your preferences:
• To communicate with you through the channels you have approved to keep you up to date
on latest developments, announcements and other information about our services,
products and technologies.
• To conduct client surveys, marketing campaigns, market analysis or promotional activities.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
• To collect information about your preferences, to create a user profile to personalize and
foster the quality of our communication and interaction with you (for example, by way of
newsletter tracking or website analytics).
• To conduct monitoring by us or any other person on our behalf using various methods,
including;
a) the use of intelligent automated monitoring tools.
b) through random monitoring of systems, for example systematically via electronic
communication recording tools.
c) specific monitoring of systems for example in relation to investigations, regulatory
requests, subject access requests, litigation, arbitration or mediation.
d) data tracking, aggregation and analysis tools that pull data from various disparate data
sources to draw linkages and/or detect patterns, interactions or preferences for analysis
(including predictive analysis).
e) using other similar monitoring technology that may become available from time to time.
Where legally required, we will not use your Personal Data for taking any automated decisions
affecting you or creating profiles other than described above.
We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collect it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that such reason is
compatible with the original purpose and the law (in which case your knowledge or consent
for use thereof is not required). If you wish to get an explanation as to how compatibility
of the reason and the original purpose is determined, please contact us. If we need to use
your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you accordingly and explain the
legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your Personal Data,
where this is required or permitted by law.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2.5. Data Minimization
Whenever and to the extent possible, we anonymize the data which we hold about you
when it is no longer necessary to identify you from the personal information which we hold
about you .
2.6. Financial Crime Prevention
To comply with our legal obligations and protect against financial crimes, such as money
laundering and fraud, we may conduct due diligence checks and request additional information
from you. This may include verifying your identity, conducting background checks, and sharing
your Personal Data with relevant authorities, as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
2.7. Cross-border Data Transfers
If we transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, some
of our external third parties are based outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia so processing
of your Personal Data may involve a transfer of data outside of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
on the permitted purposes.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when
transferring your Personal Data.
2.8. Security of Personal Data
We maintain reasonable technical, organizational, physical, electronic, and procedural
measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of your Personal Data against any
unauthorized access, use, disclosure, accidental or unlawful alteration, destruction, and other
unauthorized forms of processing. These measures include data encryption, access controls,
firewalls, and regular security assessments. We provide our employees with training on the
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
importance of data privacy and ensure their compliance with applicable policies and
procedures. Enjaz has a code of conduct that includes a section on confidentiality of
information, which requires every employee, contractor, or third-party vendor to keep business
and internal information obtained in the course of their work at Enjaz confidential.
Whilst we have implemented such measures, we cannot completely guarantee the security of
your information; any transmission by you is at your own risk.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password or account details.
Where you chose to click a link to any of the third-party websites, please note that those
websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for
their policies or their security of your Personal Data on third party sites. Please check their
policies before you submit any Personal Data to those websites.
2.9. Personal Data Breach
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will
notify you and any applicable regulator of any breach where we are legally required to do so.
If you require further information on how we deal with a data breach, please contact us as
stated below.
2.10. Retention of Personal Data
We retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this
Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable laws and
regulations. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When
Personal Data is no longer required, we securely dispose of, anonymize or de-identify it.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2.11. Joint Accounts
If you hold a joint account with another individual(s), please note that we may disclose account
information and transaction details to all joint account holders. Each joint account holder is
responsible for ensuring that they have the necessary authority and consent to provide and
access Personal Data related to the joint account.
2.12. Authorized Representative(s)
We may collect and process Personal Data about your authorized representative(s) to identify
and provide our services if you have authorized another person to act on your behalf in relation
to your accounts or transactions with us. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have your
representative’s consent to provide us with their Personal Data.
2.13. Your Rights and Choices
Under certain circumstances, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data. For
example, you may have:
1- The right to know and be informed about our contact details, the exact reason your
Personal Data is being collected, the methods being used for Personal Data collection, and
whether this collected Personal Data will be shared with third parties.
2- The right to access your Personal Data from us and obtain a copy of it in a clear and
readable format, in conformity with the content of the records.
3- The right to request correction of, or update any Personal Data collected by Enjaz if it is
incomplete, inaccurate, or obsolete.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
4- The right to request the destruction of your Personal Data collected by Enjaz. Noting that
the reasons can range from the individual rescinding his/her consent for data collection to
the data no longer serving the purpose for which it was initially collected. However, Enjaz
may retain such information in accordance with the Policy and applicable laws.
5- The right to object to or restrict certain processing activities of your Personal Data and to
withdraw your consent where required.
Enjaz is required to ensure that you are appropriately informed about these rights and establish
dedicated channels for you to properly exercise them. We may need to request specific
information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your
Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
your Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also
contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our
response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month of receipt. Occasionally, it may
take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a
number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
If you believe that any of your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete and to exercise any
of these rights or for any privacy-related inquiries, please contact us using the details provided
below.
2.14. Consent Withdrawal
Where we rely on your consent for processing Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw
your consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing
based on consent before its withdrawal. To manage your consent preferences, please contact
us using the details provided below.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2.15. Your Responsibilities
While we take reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data, you need to act appropriately
to safeguard your information, such as keeping your login credentials secure and promptly
notifying us of any unauthorized access or use of your accounts.
2.16. Minor’s Privacy
Our services are not designed for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) as such if you are
resident in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and under the age of eighteen (18) or are a resident
elsewhere and you are not yet at the relevant age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you
reside, we are not permitted to contract with you directly. Where necessary by local legislation,
by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, your parent or legal guardian acknowledges and consents to
the terms of this Privacy Policy on your behalf. If we seek your consent to process your Personal
Data for a specific purpose in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such consent must be granted
on your behalf by your parent or legal guardian.
It is important to mention that we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors without
the consent of their parents or legal guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently
collected the Personal Data of a minor, please contact us immediately so that we can act
appropriately to delete the relevant Personal Data.
2.17. Use of CCTV and Surveillance
For security and safety purposes, we may use closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras and
surveillance systems on our premises. The recorded footage may be used to monitor and
investigate security incidents, prevent fraud, and ensure the safety of our customers,
employees, and assets.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
2.18. Marketing Communications
Where we have a lawful basis to do so, as stated above, or with your consent, we may send
you marketing communications about our products, services, promotions, and events. Our
marketing communications may include personalized and non-personalized materials, where
the personalized materials will be specifically tailored based on the information we know about
you.
You can withdraw your consent or opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time
through one of these channels: -
• • Visiting one of our branches
• Sending us an email at dataprotectionoffice@enjaz.com.
2.19. Social Media
We may engage with you on social media platforms to provide information, respond to
inquiries, and promote our products and services. Please note that any information you post
or disclose on our social media pages may be visible to the public, and you should exercise
caution when sharing Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data, as defined in the Saudi Arabia
Personal Data Protection Law.
2.20. Monitoring and Recordings of Calls and Electronic Communications
To ensure quality control, assurance, training, and compliance purposes, we may monitor and
record telephone calls, including customer service calls and calls with our representatives as
well as record electronic communications, such as emails and instant messages, exchanged
between you and our representatives. We will notify you if a call is being recorded, and the
recorded calls will be overseen in accordance with applicable data protection laws and
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
regulations. These measures are taken to ensure the security of our systems, prevent fraud,
and maintain regulatory compliance.
2.21. Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive. Its functions include storing
your login and session statuses, recording your user preferences, and analyzing web traffic.
Apart from the data that you elect to disclose and share with us, we cannot access your
computer or any other information about you with cookies. Although most browsers
automatically accept cookies, you can amend your browser settings to disable cookies. You
can control your cookies from your browser menu. You can easily remove any cookies that
have been created in the cookie folder of your browser. Depending on the type of browser
that you use, please see the steps to follow for deleting and/or disabling your
cookies http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Please note, this may however prevent you from fully experiencing the website as it was
intended.
2.22. Third-Party Links
Our website or mobile applications may contain links to third-party websites or services that
are not operated or controlled by us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party
websites or services, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you
to review the privacy policies of those third parties before providing any Personal Data to them.
2.23. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes
in our privacy practices, legal obligations, or as required by the applicable data protection laws
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
and regulations. We will provide notice of any material changes by posting the updated Privacy
Policy on our website or by other appropriate means. We encourage you to review this Privacy
Policy periodically for any updates. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the updated
effective date stated at the beginning of the Policy.
2.24. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Enjaz, its subsidiaries, and their respective
directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including
attorneys' fees, arising out of your violation of this Privacy Policy or misuse of the services or
Enjaz’s website, including such violation or misuses conducted by your employee or agent, if
applicable.
2.25. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws
of Saudi Arabia. Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Saudi Arabia.
2.26. Contact Us and Our Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy
practices, please contact us at:
Enjaz
Head Office Address : 8229 Al-Mutamarat District, King Fahd Road, Riyadh 3952 - 12711,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Phone: 800 5000 300
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution

Solution Architecture & Governance
Email: dataprotectionoffice@enjaz.com
Any enquiries with regards to the use of your Personal Data should be sent to the above email
address.
Enjaz is committed to protecting your privacy, addressing any concerns, and resolving any
issues related to the processing of your Personal Data and will oversee your Personal Data with
utmost care and respect.
3. Periodic Review of this Policy
This policy will be reviewed every 3 years from the date of acceptance and sign off, or as
deemed necessary.
*Shared internally only not intended for public distribution